NATO attacked the series made in Spain 80 businessmen men and women
at last
good church good morning today we are helping all the people of Medellín
Bogota and of all the days of rest defeat that they listen to us Sunday mingo
today we are here
transmitting of the enterprise sample of house on the rock meyer or the tasting
like these are counted the friends of the deceased in the hand
a week after the flower fair the freezing of the dough
monetary and the fourth day thanks to that state instance and well and good
we are here with each of these two sanz we hope it is a very sample
nice for everyone and also later we will be telling about the
blood donation
because it is to donate blood saves lives as well as from their sleeplessness others also
we can give our blood to save the lives of others
We were going to look bad with us until you hamas a businesswoman
- see you
we meet one of the participants in the business sample
has your name and in addition to show your products less than a mile if it is
special
he who wants to believe
the drug crime within your work among your experiences
if you want to participate the man of good
winds from the west that's going to be the best invitation
listen to this preaching that you dedicate to your heart and you will become
in that true leader
this Monday in the middle of the fire
as you can see here we are preparing a delight
from that outer appearance
at this time
he also invited them for Tuesday at six in the morning
in this way he has asserted
in the presence of the Lord that is the most important thing
because he or what he notices the daily food to be able
although one morning the encouraging wind invited them on Tuesday to the
six in the morning, well, I'm going to stay here
with the novelist east of Africa and men do not forget on Tuesday at
10 in the morning on the pronouncement
catán
this story to you true the people of the church that another of the events that
are done is the blood donation day
with the motto this year is your blood the lifesavers the transformations
deep and essential to areas heavily populated by threats of kidnappings and
murders to blood stored these people
stadium incidents the zipas the members of the church
you come here he transformed his eleven-story life and helps others
well and here we were still from the fair with the matter
columns that the president already like these like today's
it was a bit high the pnv wants you to tell me about this Friday
after the president-elect
day 9 on Friday at 10 o'clock in the morning the couple of the church
with the very special theme and it strikes me is the alternative to the 10 of
the morning good is terrific theme do not miss it the hope
after a year in which you decide for everything
and we continue throughout the business web looking for young people
hello entrepreneurs how are you like there's more pressure good condition like
separation amuesa by moments and demanding the unique experience already there
who also
she already has well
in the imss
They want to make allegation for us to go to a beach this August 28
Saturday we wait until the bullets reached August 5, we will give a
sensational time a unique time we hope the subject is a way to
guide your work
point of the city
for me it is life has given me a good image given on August 10
prison
possible
the third gear
it may be one of the great masters or the consulate of city com
but like the rest of the products that offer more
sometimes he is more spectacular than all there is in the category
and not only the afternoon has also been on Sundays
picture what we sell here because we support all the works of the
foundation in this matter we are saying we are not saying this the
who enters the court
the wind will be from the northeast
this we do not call ourselves
we also have
this very spectacular handmade to practices for the end of the fridge
we have from the esther spectators that hand has a healthy way support this room
the foundation works fairs thank you very much and remember that the
fruits of the most
God bless our present but every Sunday and we have to
support us in that because we are all
plus
Balearic has been everything for today there will be a day of Holy Week and strength
We hope this week in each of the activities of the house a
great blessing
well then we see each other
princ